Hi again.
Now talking about questions that are not situation oriented.
Let's start with the first one, and this is probably going to be the first and most important question
of your interview.
Tell me about yourself.
We've already covered this when you created your elevator pitch.
And I'm just going to take probably one minute just to reiterate what the what we talked about is.
When you when you tell someone about when you tell an interviewer about yourself, then you want to
start with your education or your experience or whatever makes you good fit for the company.
You will also throw in a few key words from the job description that match your resume, and you can
also include some key words such as values, mission, vision, statement of the company, something
that matches your own core values and the values that you live by.
And you should always include one data driven example of something that's relevant to the job opportunity.
For example, if the if you're applying to a sales consulting job, then you want to include one relevant
example showing your sales skills or something like that.
And, and finally you want to leave them wanting to know more.
So don't drag it on and on for more than 60 seconds.
60 seconds is your absolute limit.
Thank you.
And let's take a look at what other questions we can answer in the next video.